[Applause]
how are you I'm well thank you yeah I
mean as your fellow Canadian city so
fully Canadian I'm sort of half cap half
today yeah
I'm half and half well perfect a bit
over as we make a poll America and you
by the way this is an interesting thing
I learned about you I know I did not
know this the Prime Minister the current
Prime Minister of Canada gestures you
doe somebody went to school with I did I
was a couple years ahead of him okay
where how old were you at this uh fifth
grade so whatever age you are in fifth
grade okay and do you remember Ted
probably remember him I I do I have a
story about him that I'm not proud of
what L really yeah okay well yeah I was
reminded this my friend Chris Murray who
was also in the fifth grade in canva
reminded me that we actually beat up
Justin Trudeau we look yeah yeah I don't
know the dual you beat him up we both
beat him up and I I think he was
excelling in a sport that we weren't as
so his pure jealousy I say and we you
know we beat him up and in there is his
dad was the Prime Minister of Canada was
the prime minister at that time I don't
think that's the reason we beat him up I
try it's the only kid in school that we
could be up don't they have Secret
Service they're protecting the children
of their prime ministers uh they didn't
they did it Wow because that would never
happen a baron Trump you'd be in the
stockade right now you've got it true if
you do rush this hour it's true but I
you know I was not bragging about this
is terrible I was a stupid kid and ya
know I want to beat him up in fact I
think at one point I tried to turn it in
as a Love play well he is a handsome guy
what is he ever yeah but I think it was
rather instrumental in him become you
know going to such great heights and
becoming the primary you feel that way I
think it was you know I think he said
I'm going to rise above this uh-huh and
I need to come from this
I mean destroy those two boys yeah exact
airy and Murray Road evoke both of us
hell yeah wow that's something else
that's what ever have contact with him
and have you discovered out oh I feel
shame
I don't want to think about it I am
Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the video
hit subscribe and if you don't click
subscribe
this invisible hamster will die